Hello, i am Guido from Football Tricks Online
and today i will teach you the following trick!
Subscribe to our channel!
we upload all Tuesdays and Thursdays!
i hope you enjoyed todays video...
La concha de la lora...
Get in the Black Hole now!!!
Penalty!!! eeeee
and susbcribe!
For todays trick we will do the following...
Step with you NON-Dominant diagonally to the ball
not in front... but in diagonal
then step behind the ball with you Dominant foot
now twist you body to your NON-Dominant side
as we twist the body.... if you watch closely...
out Dominant foot will also twist a bit
because moving your body will make your foot twist a bit naturally
so this will make our foot face the ball with the outside part
this is normal position...
if we twist body...
foot will twist and face ball with outside part
SO... Once in this position...
and your Dominant foot facing the ball
with the outside part
we will do a 360 turn
a full turn
as you turn... leave your foot dead
and as we turn it will automatically roll the ball
so like this... get in position...
full turn..
as you see the foot will roll the ball automatically
Ok?
get in position...
then full turn and dead foot
and it will roll like that... :)
we can perform this trick in 2 methods
first method is just to combine with other moves
and try to confuse the opponent
for example in street football
simply to humiliate him a bit
second method is to pass the opponent
like for example in 11 a side football
so we perform it as we run and then sprint away from the opponent
a tip i can give you is to do it slowly
then try to do it faster and faster as you control it
just because you do it faster it doesn't mean it will  be more effective!
if you do it at normal speed and correctly, it will be good enough
so i hope you enjoyed today's video
and hopefully you try it in the pitch!
as you can see is not one of the hardest trick out there
So go and test this skill!
I hope you enjoyed the tutorial!
dont forget to hit the like button, it helps!
you can subscribe we upload all Tuesdays and Thursdays
and follow us on social networks in screen and video description
and see you next time!!